---
date created: Monday, March 21st 2022, 6:07:51 pm
date modified: Monday, April 18th 2022, 5:38:51 pm
title: The Meeting
---
#journal

- Finish NRC IRAP Proposal
- Dhirendra is in Vegas for [[Permanent Notes/# Money2020 is a Financial Technology Conference Held in Vegas.]] conference.
- Need to create Business Development Documents SaaS Agreement and MOU

[[2021-10-26]]

---

date created: Wednesday, October 27th 2021, 12:59:55 pm

date modified: Thursday, April 7th 2022, 6:53:38 pm

---
[[2021-10-26]]

# What's the Point?

# Running the Retrospective

There are many ways to run a cycle retrospective. One of the most common is using a start-stop-continue approach. Each development team member is asked to identify the things the team should start doing, the ones they should stop doing, and the things they should continue doing.

The facilitator (in this ) can facilitate this process by asking attendees to call out ideas during the Scrum, or they can go around the room and get feedback on what to start, stop, and continue in a more orderly fashion, person by person.

# Agenda

While the agendas for sprint retrospective meetings can vary, they generally cover these common steps:

- **Setting the goal**—Establish the objectives of the meeting up front, such as aiming to improve daily stand-ups, enhance communication with stakeholders or product owners, change operating rules, or something else.
- **Gathering essential data**—Draw on everyone’s experience and perspective to create a shared body of information.
- **Developing insights**—From the amassed data, identify useful patterns and see the big picture, always asking why things happened the way they did.
- **Deciding on the next steps**—Identify the issues and challenges the team will tackle, and put in place a concrete plan of how to achieve success for each one.
- **Closing the retrospective**—Clarify and summarize the meeting, thank participants, and consider how future retrospectives could be improved.

# Questions

Questions commonly asked in a sprint retrospective include:

- **What went well in the sprint?**
	- Success in an iteration can be analyzed by looking at what was done differently to achieve it; who contributed to it and how; and what skills, training, or knowledge made a difference.
- **What went wrong in the sprint?**
	- The point is not to penalize the team or individual members but look at things that didn’t go according to plan, with a view of improving performance in the future.
- **What did we learn?**
	- What did the team learn in the sprint so that they can improve their way of working?
- **How should the next sprint play out?**
	- This will determine corrective actions to take in the next sprint, preventing the same mistakes from occurring, and making successful actions a repeatable outcome.

 The Meeting

Jeremy

- Maybe instead of deadlines, we have a 'decision date' where we decide whether to continue or kill the project.

Matt

- Great job on flexibilty and agility
	- Responded to change well
- Still hit deadline after overhaul
- Makes sense in terms of user cases
- Communication went really well between frontend and backend teams
- Testing with FastAPI
- AWS costs were low
---
- We developed a priority over getting things done instead of building the right thing.
- Deadlines can cause a me vs. You mentality which is counterproductive.
- We need to create a better environment to be creative and have excellence.
- We need to create an evironment where people feel free to figure things out.
- Need to start merging the perspectives of user experience and backend, everyone needs to think of themselves of a full-stack dev and needs to understand the whole system.

Nathan

- Communication went really well
- Fast API docs went really well
- Notion docs to explain tasks
- Usersnap
- We need to hire a student for a front-end test suite (joke)
- Daily changes
---
- Design is more important than deadlines.
- Having one source of truth for the project.
- Pivoting that could have been avoided.
- The team needs to be clear on the API design

Jamie

- we did a lot more planning which made sure things werent forgotten
- How we broke up the work
	- There were not any "gross merge issues"
- There was no work that was 'throwaway' code
- "I forgot about the monolith"
---
- if you are going down the wrong path, the best course of action is to turn around.
- Some deadlines do exist and are unmoveable.

Evan

- happy with implentation of fastAPI and backend architecture that is maintabable
- close to optimal solutions to everything
- divided out service architecture to work with the separate teams.
- Alignment between codebase and organizational structure
- separation of roles within the team
- test suite was really clean, moving towards test-driven-development

Taylor

- Adapted well and changed based on our needs on the fly
- Great agility and adaptation
---
- We had a UX cahnge that could have been done up front
- I think we should make deadlines after the design has been solved.

Mandeep

- Perhaps a standup in slack for the entire team

Eddy

# Suggestions

## Things to Start

- Meetings for discussing cloud computing costs
- Active listening in meetings, show you understand before you disagree
- Let other people talk, everyone should be speaking roughly the same in meetings
- get a kanban board **x5**
- API driven development
- setup automatic type generation
- creating a common kanban board
- Slack standup possibly a bot
	- pings you once a day to submit an update
- There needs to be grace in accepting

## Things to Continue

- Making tasks for each other, just need to get it all into one place
- In-team communication is going well
- Having the End-user in mind
- Great estimations
- Group design sessions instead of one-person design sessions
- It helped to receive a super rough sketch from Matt about what the app should contain.
- Everyone should be on the same page about what is being built about BEFORE the project starts. Build the business case before the project starts.

## Things to Stop

- Less baindaid fixes. Move them into a full project instead of a hotfix if it requires it,
- Invest more time implementing it right
- I would love for that to be the case (demoing off production)
	- Why is it a dream?
	- We are in the best position to do that now
	- Fight for demos on prod and staging
