---
date created: Wednesday, October 27th 2021, 9:57:45 am
date modified: Saturday, April 9th 2022, 2:21:35 pm
title: Daily Note
---

# Daily Note

## Todo Today

```dataviewjs

// find dates based on format [[YYYY-MM-DD]]

const findDated = (task)=>{

if( !task.completed ) {

task.link = " " + "[[" + task.path + "|*]]";

task.date="";

const found = task.text.match(/\[\[([12]\d{3}-(0[1-9]|1[0-2])-(0[1-9]|[12]\d|3[01]))\]\]/);

if(found) task.date = moment(found[1]);

return true;

}

}

const myTasks = dv.pages("").file.tasks.where(t => findDated(t));

dv.header(1,"Today");

dv.table(["task","link"], myTasks.filter(t=> moment(t.date).isSame(moment(),"day")).sort(t=>t.date).map(t=>[t.text, t.link]));

```



## Meeting Notes Today

## Notes

---

date created: Wednesday, October 27th 2021, 9:57:45 am

date modified: Thursday, April 7th 2022, 6:59:18 pm

title: 2021-10-27

---

# 2021-10-27

[[BulletProof is an IT Consulting Business Based Out of Atlantic Canada.]]]
1. The number of employees is 6. Support with screenshots
2. Provide a network diagram. Everyone working from internet working on cloud infrastructure. How are people connmected to each other. Prove that you understand what you are securing. Don't count the corporate space as an office because we do not have protected wifi. It is simply a collaboration space. Picture the boundaries.
	1. There are contracts and training you can do for personal devices.
	2. You will not pass the audit unless we have something in place to protect these devices.
3. It is not just about a data breach. Employee info, financial info, IP. What happens if our source code is encrypted? What happens in the case of a IP leak?
	1. Identify the critical information
	2. What happens if i lose availability to this information?
	3. "If I lose the integrity of my code, we will lose 3 weeks of operations.""
	4. Need the conscious analysis of GW to identify our 'crown jewels' and what we are doing to protect.
4. Identify threats for a risk assessment.
	1. Need a 1-page document describing primary cyber threat.
	2. How can the things in 3 happen.
5. 4 requirements: Need 1 person who is accountable for IT Security.
6. Your employees are doing security and you are paying you employees.
	1. Are we paying for antivirus? AWS security, Google security? Whatever we pay for in terms of privacy and security.
	2. 1password, etc.
7. We need to assign someone to IT Security if we do not hire.
8. Need to show that we are committing ourselves to cybersecurity. Cite work with bulletproof and our committment to the journey.
9. The incident response plan will cover steps to respond and remediate from an incident.
	1. There are free templates on the internet. CISA, UK gov, AUS gov.
	2. We do not need deep detail, it will take too much time. Just need to address 9.
	3. Need to classify incidents. When is getting a phishing email an incident?
	4. Someone accessing an admin account wtihout permission?
	5. We can have our own secerity classification.
	6. Needs to have a playbook for each kind of incident.
	7. We need to document having someone to call to help us. Who can trigger the call? The point is to not guess what to do when an incident happens.
10. Need to have a physical copy.
11. Not required but if not, we need to have a document explaining why.
	1. Insurance needs to conver response and recovery activities.
	2. If we were going to, what would our plan be?
12. This will be difficult for us since we do not manage the devices.
	1. We have to prove the applications on personal devices are configured with automatic patching. OS's, applications, everything needs automatic patching.
	2. Document how it is implemented and maintained. It cannot be by chance.
13. For example, searching for vulnerabilites each month, ensuring patches are installed.
	1. Needs to be very detailed if we do not automatic patch
14. This is something that very well stop your audit if you do not have it.
	1. Need real-time malware detection. uncropped screenshots from admin console.
15. There are firewalls built-in to operating systems.
	1. Need to show that we are configuring and maintaining them.
	2. Laptops will be a problem.
	3. Evidence from our cloud services.
	4. Web Application Firewalls.
16. What is our 'hardening' process?
	1. Policy of changing default passwords.
	2. No 'admin' 'admin' accounts.
	3. How do we change password
	4. How do we enforce the disabling of unnecessary features?
	5. Have a catalogue of all organization devices.
17. Need to provide configured
	1. Document describing configuration with screenshot showing config.
	2. How do we show a new hire complies with the policy?
18. If there is suspicion of compromise, we need a policy to change the password.
	1. What do we do when a password has been compromised, we need a plan
19. We need a password policy that complies with everything in this item.
	1. For users, passwords should never be written down
	2. For admin controllers, we need it written down and secured.
	3. What is the documentation stating the policy for this? use 15 char because ciphers use blocks of 7.
20. We need to have something in place that fits with the company
	1. Training courses are often the cheapest and least disruptive.
	2. Find a course outline and frequency. ex. montly newsletter, yearly course. Regular phising attempts.
	3. This requirement will help us cover many items later on.
21. This ties to the injury assessment in item 3.
	1. What must be backed up?
	2. list of systems that must be backed up.
	3. Testing backups quarterly.
	4. Recovery from ransomware or encryption attacks.
	5. Consider an offline backup or provide rationale for not doing so.
22. How are we handling encryption for backups?
	1. We need to have a procedure for manual vs automatic backups.
	2. How would we recover if our critical info was encrypted.
23. Need to document the policy and understand the risks for the chosen model.
24. Training involving risk. right to erase data or something.
25. Users should only download application from app store or play store. cannot download applications from untrusted sources. Need to show how we enforce policy. Really difficult if we do not manage the devices.
26. How are we encrypting data? bitlocker, mac os by default.
	1. Mobile devices means laptops too.
27. For example, Mobility management is if you have O365 you get intune. Controlling devices.
	1. manage apps, protect data, and enforce configuration.
	2. If we do not do this we need to have a risk assesment and provide rationale.
28. We can address this requirement by:
	1. Enforce this on all devices… (hard)
	2. Educate users about the risks of open networks, public wifis, bluetooth, using NFC.
	3. Must disable automatic connections.
29. Most companies get this wrong.
	1. This is not about the VPN connecting to the environment
	2. This is about avoiding using public wifi without using a VPN.
	3. Bitlocker has something like this.
	4. We can provide a business rationale, and risk assessment.
30. We will need to provide documentation from our cloud providers, and show it is not applicable to GW since we do not have a corporate office.
31. This can be implemented in many different ways but we must have a DNS firewall to limit outbound. Employees cannot access hacker websites. Wont receive connections from china, north korea or other high risk geographies.
	1. Configured and maintained
	2. Clean browsing is a personal example from Carlos. Covers 50 devices. $40/yr
32. Not applicable to Gray wolf because we do not have any corporate networks.
	1. Prove with a network diagram.
33. Does not apply, provide documentation proving.
34. Does not apply, provide documentation proving.
35. We do not have card data and prove that we dont.
36. Gmail can configure DMARC and we will have to.
37. Understand how Gmail configures its filtering and show documentation on how it is filtered.
38. recommends SOC 2 Type 2 reports as well as SOC 3. MUST BE THE MOST CURRENT REPORT.
39. Not applicable if we do not outsource IT. We have to have standards that our outsourced providers need to meet in order for us to work with them.
40. For example, europeans and brazillians need to keep their information in the physical location. What is our procedure for helping us identify those requirements.
	1. I will start working with a new client, I will indentify the request a specific jurisdiction. For example LATAM. Need to understand the data processing. Fines are huge. Fines could could be up to $100million
41. Screenshots of TLS encryption from device to cloud infrastructure.
42. The admin accounts for local admin need to be different.
	1. The local admin has control over the config or what can be installed on the device.
	2. for example jeremy.local and jeremy.aws - If one of the accounts are compromised, the rest are not.
43. We ahve to provide an OWASP full report with low, no, critical, medium or high findings.
	1. Can not be older than 6-8mo and to pass can have no higher than low findings.
	2.
44. Answered fine.
45. How do we prevent our administrator accounts from doing regular user activities?
	1. Awareness training, inform about risks,
46. same as the previous one.
47. When someone does not require permission because they leave the company or change their acitivities, we need to make sure that these are removed. Need more evidence.
48. Google Cloud IM, we need to start using that.
49. USBs, DVDs, etc. We need to provide the process and policy we follow to provide and incrypt these devices before we use them.
50. We have to have a process to prevent data leak. If we upload sensitive info to a USB and it is stolen, what happens?
	1. We need to show how we destroy backups when employees leave the company
	2. We need to show if backups are stolen that the data is encrypted.

Maybe park this project to improve this evidence.

If i provide the final report.

We are not ready to apply.

We will need to get it reviewed again and will have to pay.

His expectation is that we should not conitue until we can have all of this in place.

EVERY CHECKLIST ITEM NEEDS AT LEAST A 1-Page Document.
