---
date created: Thursday, April 14th 2022, 9:20:27 am
date modified: Thursday, April 14th 2022, 1:56:13 pm
title: 2022-04-14
---

# 2022-04-14

# Todo Today

```dataview

task where contains(text, this.file.name)

```

---

# Notes To Review Today

```dataview

list from "Permanent Notes" OR "Literature Notes" where date(sr-due)<=date(this.file.name) 

```

---

# Meeting Notes Today

## Sprint Review

**Goal**:  Scrum Team presents to PO and other stakeholders which stories onboarded were completed this sprint and which were not, as well as answer the question of whether the team met their overall sprint goal if one existed (in addition to the implied goal of completing all onboarded stories).

**Agenda**:
- Jeremy: start recording of this meeting so that stakeholders that cannot make it, can watch demos later
- Jeremy:  quickly outline which stories were completed (marked DONE) and which were not.
- Jeremy:  explain whether there was an overall sprint goal and whether the team achieved it.
- Demo: For each completed story:
	- Team Member (selected by scrum team members): explains which completed story they are demoing, and whether it is in production or staging.
	- Team Member: demo the functionality with the goal of showing how the acceptance criteria were met 
	- Stakeholder Feedback: ask any questions, and or provide feedback directly to the team.
	- Jeremy: record any resolutions or actions resulting from discussion of completed functionality.  (e.g. we need a future story for missed functionality, etc…)
	- Repeat
- Jeremy: Stop Recording

**Special Notes and Suggestions**:
- The scrum team should determine among themselves who will demo which completed stories. (could be 1 or many)
- Only members of the scrum team should be demoing and presenting.
- The demo should be a natural outcome of completed stories.  If a story can’t be demonstrated, it likely isn’t really done yet.
- There may be 2 or more developers that worked on a story, only one needs to demo the completed functionality.  They could also choose to share the demo responsibility.  The sprint review is not for understanding the personal output of each developer but to understand what was completed by the team.  It is OK if not everyone demos.  Often the person that tested and closed a story is the best person to demo its functionality since they are very familiar with it as they have already validated the acceptance criteria.

# Scratch Pad

- [RDS Resource Description Framework](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resource_Description_Framework#Example_1:_Description_of_a_person_named_Eric_Miller)
- RDS and how it relates to [[Grounded Claims, after Qian et al.]]
- Notes on [[Competing Against Luck, by Clayton Christensen]]
