---
date created: Monday, March 28th 2022, 1:52:14 pm
date modified: Monday, April 18th 2022, 5:39:34 pm
title: Verified Events
---
#journal

# Verified Events

## Modeling Events After a Real Scam

**Acceptance Criteria:**

1. Events now take into account the model of the scam and evidence for each.
	
	1. Promise to victim of service or product; e.g.
		
		1. Victim Identity (In client list of creator?)
			
		2. Scammer Identity
			
		3. Provided evidence of correspondence
			
	2. Victim provided consideration to scammer; e.g.
		
		1. Proof of payment on blockchain
			
		2. Verify victim’s interaction with exchange
			
	3. Scammer did not deliver goods or service; e.g.
		
		1. Evidence of Scammer ghosting victim
			
		2. Verify claim of website going down
			

**Where this is going in the future (Vision):**

- Events can be built from building blocks of people, corporations, actions and relationships.
	
	- We can then prompt for evidence based on the event model the user creates
		
- Investigative note-taking feeds into event creation.
	
	- Note-taking allows users to take notes on real-world entities, relationships, and actions taken
		
- On-chain evidence comes from directly on our platform.
	

---

## Shaping Notes

**For an investigator, what reasons do I have to doubt the truth of an event?**

1. There was no proof of payment to the scammer.

2. The victim did not provide any correspondence with the scammer.

3. The on-chain activity does not line up with the victim’s version of events.

---

**Model of an Investment Scam with Victim report**

1. **Promise to victim of service or product**
	
	1. Provided evidence of correspondence
		
2. **Victim provided consideration to scammer**
	
	1. Proof of payment on blockchain
		
	2. Verify victim’s interaction with exchange
		
3. **Scammer did not deliver goods or service**
	
	1. Verify claim of website going down
		
	2. Verify Scammer ghosting victim
		
4. **Evidence of Identity**
	
	1. Victm KYC
		
	2. Aliases of scammer
		

---

**Verification workflows won’t properly work on the current implementation of** **events** **or** **confidence.**

Q: What are the legal definitions of

1. Investment scam?
	
2. Rug Pull?
	
3. Romance Scam?
	
4. Ransomware
	

Q: How does a SAR or CTR (Crypto TXN Report) differ from what we are doing?

---

**DOR**

1. PO has defined acceptance criteria to the degree they are able
	
	1. Work with relevant stakeholders to make sure acceptance criteria are accurate and encompass the whole picture.
		
2. 1 on 1, Engineer agrees story is ready
	
	1. No technical questions on how it will get done, engineer can imagine the new change
		
	2. Existing tools are vetted
		
	3. Acceptance criteria are revised where necessary
		
3. Entire team has had 24h in advance of presentation to review work
	
	1. Discussions on Slack and jira around the work
		
	2. Escalate to synchronous meetings when necessary
		
4. There are no unresolved questions about how the story will get done.
	
	1. Acceptance criteria are revised where necessary
